only only only only only only only only
use me blade and I want pretty
progressive thinker but then there's
also some things that I just refused to
adopt I refused to adopt certain things
man and that might be a sign again old I
think that old people for the most part
they're able to be cool and hip and
they're able to download majority the
updates because in this society that we
live in we have constant updates at one
point it was cool to own slaves and now
I think we all gotten the official
update that no that's not cool to put
down another human being like that but
some people don't update and every once
in a while they'll be a little minor
update that just doesn't quite stick and
then as you get older in life I feel
that your ability not to download every
update like right now i'm using windows
seven when I should use in windows 8 in
the back side of my mac is whatever it
doesn't matter basically sometimes you
just refuse update man and also at the
same time I don't think that my father
or my grandfather or whatever should
really have an indication of how good of
a person I am even though I am a
descendant of them and the reason why
I'm saying this is because Ben Affleck
recently got in trouble for apparently
they did documentary on PBS in
documentary they discover that one of
Ben Affleck's people is a slave owner
like one of his like great-great-great
whatevers uncle's third puzzle I don't
know I don't know the whole thing but
basically a family member in his line of
a flex pack his line a flex one of his
family members was a slave owner and the
shitty thing about this is not that his
great-great whatever distant relative
was once a slave owner the fact is is
that he had to be like he had to ask
than the the company or the the
the news reporter or whatever you want
to call it hey could you maybe leave
that out cuz I'm not really proud of
that part of my family history and they
did but then there was this thing where
a bunch of emails got leaked um and in
those emails was a corresponds between
Aflac and the news producer and so now
he's getting flak because he tried to
cover it up but it's like it's called
fruit from a poison tree if you guys
know what fruit from poison tree is this
ok Boober boys the tree is like if you
let's say you're in your car and you
have a dead body in the car right your
dead body in the car but the reason why
the guy pulled you over was illegal ok
he he just said oh that's that's that's
that's a black dude so I don't like
black people or I don't know I don't
know how we can fucking through poison
tree explainable fruit from poison tree
is like an illegal search of something
and then when you find whatever you find
out of that doesn't matter what you find
it's no good you can't use it and so
this idea that we could someone
WikiLeaks or whatever can hack in and
take emails and showcase emails and now
instead of Ben Affleck be like I don't
fucking care what I said you haven't say
anything bad all i said was just please
don't MIT this because it's embarrassing
and now Ben Affleck's the fucking bad
guy but the people that fucking hack the
shit and expose the shit or we're not
saying anything about them man and also
here's the thing like I know you guys
say this is really really bad but like
double sit down but like people used to
elements lays back they it's not fucking
you know probably my people my people my
great-great-great great-great
grandparents if they weren't from
America or what I don't know they
probably own slaves to just that's just
how the world was and progressively as
you go through life you you learn what's
right what's wrong and certain wrong
things are considered right society and
then we kind of evolved as a society but
also same time I don't think you need to
download every update if that makes
sense so is Ben Affleck a bad person
because it's great great great
grandparents birth slave owners know if
you should be a slave owner now that'd
be kind of fucked up
I mean but um but I don't I I really
don't like this concept of this idea
that everything that our past way far
past relatives did why we have to pay
for the sins of our fathers I don't I
don't get that and also I don't really
like the concept of downloaded every
single update that society has for us
you can't do anything you can't fuck in
you can't do anything because somehow it
offends pisses off someone and it's like
I'm cool with everyone being in harmony
but I'm not cool with trying to please a
hundred percent of people if that makes
sense I don't know why people are
focused on pleasing hard percent
complete percent of people when really
there's like a bajillion people on earth
and even you please half of them as long
as you're happy it shouldn't fucking
matter man so I'm just saying don't
download every update don't you know
what I mean don't don't just some come
to everything and think just because you
know immediately Ben Affleck slave owner
but Affleck bad monkey robot it's just
like no fucking think for yourself man
look at the full thing and I think we
should stop paying for the sense of her
father's okay I'm sure that my dad was
fuck off dude and I'm sure his
great-grandparents was also dude and
there's probably some shitty ones but
that doesn't mean judge me based off off
that that character if you kind of get
what I'm saying the first part of this
game I actually had super fast mode
because it happened during my stream and
I popped a popper a what up my nose I
think I might have a fuck when those up
but it's all for the hype only you blade
piece and buckler smells clinic